Update documentation for RAG section in BI docs (#138)
wso2/docs-bi: en/docs/integration-guides/ai/rag/rag-ingestion.md

## Prerequisites

> To get started, you only need a markdown file that you want to ingest into the vector store. This tutorial uses an in-memory vector store for simplicity, but you can also use external vector stores like Pinecone, Milvus, or Weaviate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, you need a knowledge file (in Markdown format) that you want to ingest into the vector store.

> Note: This tutorial uses an in-memory vector store for simplicity, but you can also use external vector stores like Pinecone, Milvus, or Weaviate.
```

1. Hover over the flow line and click the **+** icon.
2. Select **Vector Knowledge Bases** under the **AI** section.
3. Click **+ Add Vector Knowledge Base** to create a new instance.
4. In the **Vector Store** section, click **+ Create New Vector Store** and choose **InMemory Vector Store**, then click **Save** to create the vector store. This will return you to the vector knowledge base configuration.
5. In the **Embedding Model** section, click **+ Create New Embedding Model**, select **Default Embedding Provider (WSO2)**, then click **Save**.
6. For the **Chunker** setting, you can leave it at the default value of **AUTO** or create a new chunker if needed.
7. Set the **Vector Knowledge Base Name** to `knowledgeBase`.
8. Click **Save** to complete the configuration.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integration-guides/ai/rag/rag-ingestion/create-a-vector-knowledge-base.gif"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integration-guides/ai/rag/rag-ingestion/create-a-vector-knowledge-base.gif" alt="Create a vector knowledge base" width="70%"></a>

> !!! important "Embedding Dimensions"

Reviewer 2: This is for the notes.
